did you wash your face before I
supported freely enduring a hard every I
know every time somebody talks [ __ ]
about me I'm like no they're changing
the world they're doing great and
honestly when all this was happening
this was one of the hardest videos we
had to make and it was like now we're
gonna stand for what we and this was
before monkey I first told I brought
spheres like Jay we have to do this
video Jay's like know what we're not
doing I'm like I'm staying out of it no
I can't do it and then he starts pulling
up a couple of videos I start looking
into it I have been following the story
so closely especially since the Balaji's
thing went down with vegan mojo and I
was just for me like like with the holy
gay thing and all that's the fat shaming
fine whatever like when you try and take
down someone's channel and you're
bitching about someone taking down it's
just that right there I could have made
a video then but you know well that that
that also takes into everybody to just
recognize hey you know this is this is
not okay because I mean what happened
with with with vegan mojo and full
circle vegan in some ways it is kind of
trivial like it's not as serious as what
happened with me but also it shows who
you're dealing with it shows the
character of people like Tyrion writer
and freely it shows you who they are and
how they really play the game team to
not in to dish it and not think like
especially with you your videos are not
in like you're not the type of guy who's
just slammed are you actually like you
might like whatever but it's all backed
up the collage achill like reasonable
like even if you're wrong you're at
least you're presenting it in a way that
that's like well I'll just say also
seeing you you're just going against
what they're saying that's not like
that's called a conversation sure I
should just make this plain because we
talked about this I am recording the
audio but not the video for this so if
you guys want to use this I'm I think
this conversation is going really well I
was worried because I'm so sick I
haven't slept I thought we wouldn't use
it but this seems to be going well so if
you want to use the audio I can share
with you and I can podcast or whatever
but if not okay coo coo coo coo coo
total ersten but look the thing I was
gonna say in response what you just said
now because we can we can do whatever
with the audio but I just say it's going
well I was worried to say as I'm so
tired and so sick I've been up coughing
all night so I just didn't think was
gonna work out
and also my face looks pretty puffy
because of a sec but hey I don't do I
don't do a makeup Channel
but look you know one of the things I've
always said and I still say it now to my
haters to people I'm communing with
communicating with when I'm
communicating with people who literally
are calling me a pedophile which I think
you guys will agree is not like except
this is not a debate
forgot me a pedophile a sexual predator
away but let's just say it's one of
those I say to people again and again is
you don't have to agree with me I'm not
trying to force anyone to agree with me
I recognize that what I'm saying is
actually edgy and stimulating and like
it's not I'm not repeating the things
that most vegans agree with whether I'm
talking about like vivisection or you
know pet ownership or you know even like
habitat conservation like forests you
know it was one of the people saying
look why is it that nobody today in 2016
and veganism talks about habitat but
forests and bears wild bears and [ __ ]
look why is it that the you know it's
it's edgy and it's stimulating but like
you don't have to agree with me and of
course most other channels like during
writers in extreme cases actually he's
actually trying to force his followers
to agree with them what I'm saying is
I've got something that I think is
really worth talking about and if you
want to take that in your own direction
that's great like I really believe in
democracy in that sense I really think
we all become wiser if you want to hear
what I'm saying and disagree with it but
I've been obviously like you know don't
slander me dice him pedophile but you
know but still I really do encourage
that and I you know I mean whether
whether um you know whether it's 2,000
people appreciate that or whether it now
grows to 10,000 or something I don't
really care but I've never been trying
to get this cult-like following that so
many other channels are pursuing of
sitting there and saying I'm right
here's the truth and either you agree
with me or you're not vegan because in a
sense the most pathetic insult against
me when you think about it why would
durianrider say I'm not vegan which he's
always said you know like it's a really
weird and so anything but why am I even
talking about this [ __ ] if I'm nothing
he put on our comments section we're
we're also in the fake vegan Club by the
way yeah absolutely yeah oh yes so you
guys are older than thought you where
have you guys actually been University
or no if you have been if you haven't
that's great if you're surviving without
for two years okay and then we and then
we pursued online poker for four years I
know the college I've seen people that
were I graduated ahead of me and they
were not getting any jobs in there tell
me about it tell me about it luckily
someone showed us an online poker game
and on the at the basement and then we
just developed some skill and we were
like well I think we're pretty good at
this so let's do that so five years we
did that we were actually like top ten
in the whole world for her buy-in and
like 2009 and 2008 and stuff it was
pretty wild so your career was as
professional gamblers technically that's
what that's called
I could do it right now if I wanted to
right now but we turned it into a year
YouTube girl but the freedom is like I
never agreed with like whatever the
whole structure but anyways the poker
gave us the time to like we basically at
one point we moved into the middle of
the woods and just studied and did
research on ourselves in the universe
and like just really understood who we
are to get our emotions this is where we
developed a lot of our like just who we
are and develop like you know just like
being able to know we found out that
there was more to life than just us here
there's actually there's there's a lot
going off you know over here and we're
just coming here for lessons and life is
actually a purpose we're trying to
gather skills to to take them with us so
you're actually certain let's say
there's this all pop mighty God or call
them whoever you want but there is we
believe in a soul and reincarnation and
we sing we've done enough to see that
it's true and there's like a purpose
we're all here to actually learn
something and once we can we're all
actually one so we have to learn it
collectively and when slake we get to
that threshold of what we're supposed to
learn is gonna be clear when you were
out in the woods were you sober or we
got high on mushrooms okay cool
that's when I stopped drinking stop
smoking stop everything out there it was
perfect so I'm also a nerdy like you
clearly for the first time I saw the
like god I saw the world just heading
down the [ __ ] and I like I was
getting depressed didn't know why do you
know why I was here at this time and
Blake found purpose after I never being
in college and literally like going
through the thing like I have to watch
my family die I got a die like I'm like
literally cried myself it was so it was
so bad and then I got like there's must
be something going on and to realize
that like death I mean of course your
body dies but there's something of you
that that that moves forward and there's
there's there is a um there is a like Oh
UFOs and all that stuff I mean
absolutely believe in that stuff in
their song there's a grand scheme there
is like so what's going on earth is so
genuine in what we're supposed to be
learned can't be read in a book it can't
be taught it needs to be learned for
yourself you guys you guys have you guys
have probably guessed I don't believe in
any of this stuff that's cool I mean I
totally built but I totally build
friendships with people who disagree
with me I've got friends now um I just
say I've got I've got friends now who
are vegans who are conservative
Christians I got one vegan friend who's
a Mormon you know and she's a
conservative Mormon she like believes
masturbation is evil
I don't know world's world's gonna fall
apart if people stop masturbating from
our perspective gonna be riots in the
streets man
you know I mean I and I myself I have a
background I used to be a scholar of
Buddhism used to be a Buddhist so I've
gotten appreciated for diversity people
obviously in veganism I feel there's
this huge voice that's being ignored
right now in YouTube which is actually
Buddhist and Hindu vegans and in many
ways like when I say they're the future
just like the next five ten years
they're gonna be a big part of what's
going on look I don't mean 100 years
from now is another question but people
coming over to veganism from those
religions that are already like semi
where there's already a little bit of a
tendency towards veganism I think that's
probably where a lot of the growth
potential is but obviously there's
there's potential everywhere but I just
mentioned you guys you know in terms of
belief in the soul and destiny Buddhism
was founded interestingly Buddhism was
founded with a belief in reincarnation
but not
right well but this was interesting
Carter's respect to what you just said
but not a belief in the soul and not a
belief in destiny so it actually it
actually rejected those things so claims
there is reincarnation but there is no
soul and there is no destiny in the
sense of a God planning the future or a
group of God's plan in the future the
gods and Buddhism are kind of just like
people with superpowers they're kind of
like superheroes in common but they do
have gods but they're not they're not
really planning your future or destiny
or anything so anybody just say you guys
there's a lot for you to for you to play
around with but that's a remarkable
story you went from amateur bodybuilders
being professional gamblers doing poker
to haha you know being vegan advocates
so every day I would just say there were
16 hours click click click click click
and I literally watching the numbers go
across the screen I could totally
imagine yeah sure yeah so in my soul I
totally knew I wanted to do something
about that in in the poker was not
fulfilling what I had in my heart I was
making money but it wasn't it wasn't
making me happy so we really had to step
back and we were like what are we gonna
do and then YouTube was just the next
step
cuz I don't know is YouTube now your
your only job because I mean do you have
another job also ok well ok just uh
three it's not a third month now right
now okay so cuz I remember a videos from
while ago like maybe this is more than a
year ago but you guys were actually
working on like on a rock quarry yeah
yeah I thought that was really cool I
thought wow finally we got some vegans
who do a real job stop playing poker and
like weeds we had liqueurs where you
start everything we're like we're gonna
do the vegan YouTube and like with the
poker you can't you have to dedicate
your you can't have to get some rabies
no time for anything else so with a job
we could find time to shoot videos
ourselves from there sure but also you
know I so I myself am more of a kind of
academic and bookish character but I
know a lot of guys like that guys who
got page tees and so on and when they
when they've been through it for a few
years what the what they wish they could
find is honest work and you know manual
labor when it's honest work when it's
not killing people or doing so you know
when it's not working in a
slaughterhouse or something that is
something really precious in life
you guys you may or may not have heard
me say this but right now I'm
considering for my long-term future
opening a small hotel and of course it
would be a vegan hotel and I could have
like vegan events there once in a while
but for me at this age I would I would
prefer to run a small hotel than to have
a PhD even though I know you know
running a small hotel it means cleaning
the windows mopping the floor you know
it's very humble work in many many ways
I mean standing there and talking to
guests and talking to tourists and in
practicing languages also you know
studying languages like I do but for me
and again I know a lot of guys with PhDs
who would rather be in the rock quarry I
know it sounds crazy but it's really
true because in terms of how you feel
when you have a job we have to be
dishonest with people or you have to lie
or something you know honest work is
hard to find in 2016 is just awesome
stone and that was that they pay me at
the end the day hard work come home and
I would get something out of it I feel
strong at the end of the day you know
and really used it to like it and and it
wasn't like we were always gonna be in
it always gonna be in the right quarry
we knew there was a means to an end the
whole time we had a plan
so it was so honestly for me I kind of
embraced it like well I got like on my
music player
I always put like battling me music and
the craziest things keep us all pumped
up basically if anyone says we work hard
for it please you spend spend the summer
in the wrong car and give me a call
please a couple years you know like we
did so actually you know when I finish
University so I have this largely
useless diploma in political science and
I think right now I think YouTube is the
only place well if there's no job that
it leads to but yeah right right it's
fine for me but when I finished that you
know actually what I decided was that I
would become a pharmacist which saying
you know is totally different totally
unrelated but what I wanted to do was a
combination of humanitarian work you
guys have already heard me talking
without helping poor people in Cambodia
in places like that I wanted the
humanitarian work and research and I
thought being a pharmacist was a nice
kind of technical field where you could
include that in humanitarian work earn
enough money to do humanitarian work but
it's not really taking up your whole
life and you know it was it was already
you know for for Asia if it plays
that I did go and go and live directly I
already had other scholarly interest so
my parents completely refused to support
that which is bizarre and most people
eyes on that it's like why would your
parents like refuse to let you become a
[ __ ] pharmacist like it's such you
know if I said I wanted to become an
actor or a movie star or a musician I
understand why your parents might say no
but pharmacists they said no they
absolutely refused I was like well okay
I'll get another job to support myself
well in the coming a pharmacist and I
applied to become a bricklayer so that's
the same kind of hard physical work and
for the same reasons it's that honesty
you know whatever you wake up you haul
bricks you know what I mean you go to
bed with a clear conscience and that's
right right right and you know this it's
kind of energizing you know you're not
you're not going to sleep at night
worrying about what you're gonna do at
work the next day it's gonna be another
it's gonna be another pile of bricks
going up the hill right so but but my
parents they were even more horrified by
that and they absolutely refused to let
me become a bricklayer even temporarily
because I wouldn't have done if the rest
of her life so what that was the time I
ended up moving to Hong Kong I didn't
moving Hong Kong getting a job there and
that started my whole crazy life in Asia
for years and years where I had nothing
but a backpack and you know I lived in
all these places so this brings us back
but obviously we gotta talk about the
dream a little bit you know so like when
people are chiang mai asked me like what
are you doing in chiang mai it was like
I've been coming here for more than 10
years it's like this is really a part of
my life you know that's that's part of
the answer the other part has to do with
the job of God but I was not there at a
Gatecrasher Auto for I was not there to
cause trouble it was it was a weird
coincidence that I was there at that
time it really it really was a
coincidence but way back so I guess 2002
2003 then I started living in Hong Kong
and I started doing jobs in musial ajit
religious museums in Hong Kong Taiwan
Thailand and that brought me to UM that
brought me to Chiang Mai for the first
couple times and then after that was
done and then moved to Laos and my my
adventure continued but it was it was
really in many ways the opposite of what
I wanted to do again as you guys know
I'm an atheist I'm a nihilist I'm not
religious but in a lot of ways what I
wanted is more like the kind of
humble Christian vision of you know
honest work whether it was the
bricklayer or the pharmacist and again
it is very similar to Christianity or of
course some forms of Buddhism that what
I wanted to do was have a life devoted
to humanitarian work and a kind of
service public service and again for me
being a pharmacist is like that it's a
very simple job being a pharmacist but
you are helping people you know you have
to do an odd job that was dishonest that
made you want to do this work more or
was it just like are you not being
fulfilled at the job doing like what
yeah like what led you to think you
wanted to do more honest work sure well
you know like I mean ethics is a large
percentage of what I'm ranting on about
on my youtube channel and I I can say
I've always been like that but I could
figure out when in my teenage years I
started but you know ethical philosophy
has been a huge part of my life from
from an early age and I mean the set for
me the sad thing is that some even
within the humanitarian work the ethical
problems are terrible it's very easy to
do unethical and evil things when you're
employed in humanitarian work so just
mention again this relates to the drum
indirectly it's hilarious to me that
people are saying like I went to
Thailand to UM can't just stop this
phone call to make sure everything's
good and then call you back and wilshire
okay alright if you want okay we'll
reboot okay cool all right
[Music]